just as in the north the sudden sees
Nazis also have areas of rich green
water with their own health forests and
their own swarms of plankton
some of the inhabitants of these seas
live only in with some hemisphere this
is one of them the hand fish that
strolls around on modified fins but when
needs us it can resort to tail path
every summer visitors come to the
shadows around Tasmania these are
Australian squid about half a meter long
they are here to breed
the larger males compete for the
attentions of a female displaying
towards her and to one another by
putting on the ballet during which they
continually change the color of their
costumes
[Music]
eventually they'll form pairs
and mail passes a packet of sperm across
to the female after the eggs have been
fertilized they're deposited in Tufts
rubbery egg cases that other features
find poisonous
within three weeks the babies are ready
to hatch out they are already able to
change color but they're not quite so
good at summer
[Music]